well we've all faced this a situation
from time to time where we've forgotten
our password and we can't log on to the
system now this is a windows 7 ultimate
operating system and I'm going to show
you a how to bypass the password if
you've forgotten it now obviously if
you're a technician you've always need
to get past the passwords now not always
you remember you don't always remember
to ask for the password so this is a
good way of actually resetting the
password well maybe it's a friend's PC
or something of that nature and he said
you could use it and you forgot to give
you the password for that again ok or
whatever reason is that you want to
actually get past it
now did make a video with a program
called kombu on Windows Vista and
apparently they say it works with
Windows 7 but I've had a lot of messages
saying it doesn't work with Windows 7
and an on the forums I've had a lot of
people saying it doesn't work Windows 7
so what we're going to do is show you a
method to getting past this problem with
another program okay so let's restart
the system and boot up our CD now I've
got my CD in the drawer
so what going to do is reboot and boot
to that CD ok so we want to push the any
key there to boot this up this is going
to load up our CD now you will see a
Windows Vista look to it here and that's
just the CD so don't worry about that so
this is Windows 7 we're booting changing
the password on this is just the actual
CD you can see ok so this is the actual
program it's a very simple program to
use we're going to be using the same
method ok nephew I'd like over these it
gives you a little useful speech bubbles
to tell you what's going on so we can
actually be using this method here ok
now also we're going to be using the
reset and change user account password
there is some other stuff here but we're
going to be using that so go next and
also I want to leave these as they are
and go next again here all my mouse is
got a bit mad ok go next now you can see
the accounts here and basically what we
want to do is we want to click on the
test account because that see it can
that we've been using sown as you can
see it's an administrator again and it's
also locked so that's because there's a
password on it so go next we need to do
is highlight it and then go next okay
like this I'll show you just highlight
it and go next and then all we need to
do here is put your new password in
basically and that's it
or you can leave it blank to reset it
okay so if you want to leave it blank
because it was a password on there we'll
leave it blank and it says the account
has been successfully modified ok click
OK so there's going to be no password on
there now click exit we're going to
restart the system say yes and then we
just got a restart system take the CD
out the draw a restart ok so Windows is
now starting up
and hopefully we should be getting two
windows
okay so there you see we've all we've
done is reset the password set the
password off and you can actually put
change the password if you wanted to or
you could just do what I did there and
reset it into the password completely
out of the equation okay so I hope this
has been some use for you my name is
mine my name is Brian from bright tech
the Cardo UK if you enjoy these videos
remember please hit the subscribe button
on my channel also if you want to head
over to my forum yeah you got the ax for
Amir Brighton computers that code at UK
forward slash forum okay and you can
actually register there for free and add
to the community and trying arson answer
people's questions and help out or maybe
you've got a problem with your own
computer and you want to post it up on
this forum here by all means do so
okay rather than posting it on the
YouTube channel so thanks again for
watching guys thanks for support bye for
now